the glass gallery of the palace of
cybele will be the scene of the ninth
edition of art madrid that will take place
from February 19 to 23 this new headquarters
will host 40 and 39 of them new gallery
of emerging contemporary art and
avant-garde
chapels
Well, we want Madrid in general
the one project is the project that
comisarió next to javier rubí name in
particular are consolidated
in this edition it has two programs
the general destined to the national scope
and international and one project that
includes eight projects in format
called alone south these consists of
that each of these projects shows
the work of a unique artist
project is a curated section
within the fair this means that
we are facing a field where a
team of curators in dialogue with the
artists and with the galleries that
represent the artists have
established some pieces or some projects
in single project formats is to say every
booth has an artist with a project
specific to this fair and what is
pretends it's mostly within a
scope so so complex and so moved
as it is an art fair one more area
reflective a space
let's say different and that through the
The work of the curators modulates the
experience
towards the visitor in a more
easy we could tell the team
drill weapon organization emphasizes
more dynamic fair models and
close with the intention of adapting to
the current needs of gallerists and
collectors
Y